Using Sylius template event to change logo (#13894)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/getting-started-with-sylius/shop-customizations.rst

`Symfony assets documentation <https://symfony.com/doc/current/best_practices/web-assets.html>`_ for more info).

The other way to achieve this is to modify the configuration of the ``sylius.shop.layout.header.grid`` template event.

> Using the same logo file as from example above ``templates/bundles/SyliusShopBundle/Layout/Header/_logo.html.twig``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the same logo file as from the example above ``templates/shop/Layout/Header/_logo.html.twig``.
```

Author: @lchrusciel Your proposal does not seems to work.
Also I am using example from above (which is exact copy of line 28), so I don't know if this change at least here would be correct 🤔 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35863747/165562156-c793816f-6fe9-4bbc-86f7-11a9154a4bb9.png)

Reviewer: you are correct, line 28 of the `docs/getting-started-with-sylius/shop-customizations.rst` file should be adjusted as well, where we should replace the `templates/bundles/SyliusShopBundle/Layout/Header/_logo.html.twig` file with `templates/shop/Layout/Header/_logo.html.twig`

> Change the configuration file:

Author: There is something wrong with logic of this sentence here as _logo.html.twig is a file where html code is stored not a configuration

.. code-block:: yaml

    # config.yaml

    sylius_ui:
    events:
        sylius.shop.layout.header.grid:
            blocks:

>                 logo: 'bundles/SyliusShopBundle/Layout/Header/_myLogo.html.twig'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                logo: 'templates/shop/Layout/Header/_logo.html.twig'
```
